COUNTRIES = {
	c:AUS = {
		
	}
	c:BEL = {
		
	}
	c:CAN = {
		
	}
	c:FRA = {
		effect_starting_technology_tier_1_tech = yes

#Production
add_technology_researched = intensive_agriculture
add_technology_researched = nitroglycerin
add_technology_researched = threshing_machine
add_technology_researched = improved_fertilizer
add_technology_researched = steam_donkey
add_technology_researched = rotary_valve_engine
add_technology_researched = electrical_generation
add_technology_researched = mechanized_farming
add_technology_researched = steel_railway_cars
add_technology_researched = vacuum_canning
add_technology_researched = pasteurization
add_technology_researched = shift_work
add_technology_researched = rubber_mastication
add_technology_researched = pumpjacks
add_technology_researched = open_heart_process
add_technology_researched = electric_arc_process
add_technology_researched = pneumatic_tools
add_technology_researched = combustion_engine
add_technology_researched = conveyors
add_technology_researched = art_silk
add_technology_researched = automatic_bottle_blowers
add_technology_researched = radio

#Military
add_technology_researched = handcranked_machine_gun
add_technology_researched = bolt_action_rifles
add_technology_researched = percussion_cap
add_technology_researched = rifling
add_technology_researched = breech_loaded_artillery
add_technology_researched = modern_naval_supplies
add_technology_researched = dreadnought
add_technology_researched = concrete_dockyards
add_technology_researched = sea_lane_strategies
add_technology_researched = submarine
add_technology_researched = landing_craft
add_technology_researched = destroyer
add_technology_researched = trench_works
add_technology_researched = automatic_machine_guns
add_technology_researched = military_aviation
add_technology_researched = war_propaganda
add_technology_researched = wargaming
add_technology_researched = defense_in_depth

#Society
add_technology_researched = centralization
add_technology_researched = nationalism
add_technology_researched = egalitarianism
add_technology_researched = mass_communication
add_technology_researched = mutual_funds
add_technology_researched = modern_sewerage
add_technology_researched = feminism
add_technology_researched = multilateral_alliances
add_technology_researched = corporate_management
add_technology_researched = international_exchange_standards
add_technology_researched = philosophical_pragmatism
add_technology_researched = socialism
add_technology_researched = anarchism
add_technology_researched = corporatism
add_technology_researched = zepellins
add_technology_researched = film

	}
	c:GER = {
		
	}
	c:GBR = {
		
	}
	c:ITA = {
		
	}
	c:JAP = {
		
	}
	c:ROM = {
		
	}
	c:RUS = {
		
	}
	c:SER = {
		
	}
	c:USA = {
		
	}
	c:AFG = {

effect_starting_technology_tier_2_tech = yes

#Production
add_technology_researched = intensive_agriculture
add_technology_researched = prospecting
add_technology_researched = bessemer_process
add_technology_researched = atmospheric_engine
add_technology_researched = baking_powder
add_technology_researched = mechanical_tools
add_technology_researched = fractional_distillation
add_technology_researched = crystal_glass
add_technology_researched = canneries
add_technology_researched = mechanized_workshops
add_technology_researched = chemical_bleaching

#Military
add_technology_researched = hydraulic_cranes
add_technology_researched = screw_frigate
add_technology_researched = power_of_the_purse
add_technology_researched = general_staff
add_technology_researched = logistics
add_technology_researched = triage
add_technology_researched = field_works
add_technology_researched = shell_gun
add_technology_researched = percussion_cap
add_technology_researched = rifling

#Society
add_technology_researched = centralization
add_technology_researched = international_trade
add_technology_researched = law_enforcement
add_technology_researched = mass_communication
add_technology_researched = medical_degrees
add_technology_researched = romanticism
add_technology_researched = empiricism

	}
	c:ALB = {
		
	}
	c:ARG = {
		
	}
	c:AST = {
		
	}
	c:BLZ = {
		
	}
	c:BOL = {
		
	}
	c:BRZ = {
		
	effect_starting_technology_tier_1_tech = yes

#Production
add_technology_researched = intensive_agriculture
add_technology_researched = nitroglycerin
add_technology_researched = threshing_machine
add_technology_researched = improved_fertilizer
add_technology_researched = steam_donkey
add_technology_researched = rotary_valve_engine
add_technology_researched = electrical_generation
add_technology_researched = steel_railway_cars
add_technology_researched = dynamite
add_technology_researched = baking_powder
add_technology_researched = fractional_distillation
add_technology_researched = crystal_glass
add_technology_researched = canneries
add_technology_researched = mechanized_workshops
add_technology_researched = chemical_bleaching
add_technology_researched = watertube_boiler
add_technology_researched = electrical_capacitors
add_technology_researched = steam_turbine
add_technology_researched = open_hearth_process
add_technology_researched = bessemer_process
add_technology_researched = vacuum_canning
add_technology_researched = pasteurization
add_technology_researched = shift_work
add_technology_researched = rubber_mastication
add_technology_researched = pumpjacks
add_technology_researched = open_heart_process
add_technology_researched = reinforced_concrete
add_technology_researched = telephone
add_technology_researched = aniline
add_technology_researched = vulcanization

#Military
add_technology_researched = hydraulic_cranes
add_technology_researched = gantry_cranes
add_technology_researched = floating_harbor
add_technology_researched = ironclad_tech
add_technology_researched = monitor_tech
add_technology_researched = jeune_ecole
add_technology_researched = dreadnought
add_technology_researched = logistics
add_technology_researched = triage
add_technology_researched = modern_nursing
add_technology_researched = enlistment_offices
add_technology_researched = electric_telegraph
add_technology_researched = field_works
add_technology_researched = shell_gun
add_technology_researched = handcranked_machine_gun
add_technology_researched = self_propelled_torpedoes
add_technology_researched = bolt_action_rifles
add_technology_researched = percussion_cap
add_technology_researched = rifling
add_technology_researched = repeaters
add_technology_researched = breech_loading_artillery
add_technology_researched = concrete_dockyards
add_technology_researched = sea_lane_strategies
add_technology_researched = submarine
add_technology_researched = landing_craft
add_technology_researched = destroyer
add_technology_researched = trench_works
add_technology_researched = war_propaganda
add_technology_researched = wargaming
add_technology_researched = defense_in_depth
add_technology_researched = military_statistics

#Society
add_technology_researched = centralization
add_technology_researched = nationalism
add_technology_researched = egalitarianism
add_technology_researched = mass_communication
add_technology_researched = mutual_funds
add_technology_researched = modern_sewerage
add_technology_researched = feminism
add_technology_researched = multilateral_alliances
add_technology_researched = philosophical_pragmatism
add_technology_researched = socialism
add_technology_researched = anarchism
add_technology_researched = corporatism
add_technology_researched = camera
add_technology_researched = steel_frame_buildings
add_technology_researched = postal_savings
add_technology_researched = joint_stock_companies
add_technology_researched = identification_documents
add_technology_researched = investment_banks
add_technology_researched = central_planning
add_technology_researched = organized_sports
add_technology_researched = pan_nationalism
add_technology_researched = human_rights
add_technology_researched = civilizing_mission
add_technology_researched = malaria_prevention
add_technology_researched = quinine
add_technology_researched = labor_movement
add_technology_researched = pharmaceuticals
add_technology_researched = realism
add_technology_researched = psychiatry
add_technology_researched = pan-nationalism
	
	}
	c:BIC = {
		
	}
	c:NEP = {
		
	}
	c:BHU = {
		
	}
	c:BUL = {
		
	}
	c:CHL = {
		
	}
	c:CHI = {
		
	}
	c:CLM = {
		
	}
	c:COS = {
		
	}
	c:DEN = {
		
	}
	c:DEI = {
		
	}
	c:ECU = {
		
	}
	c:ELS = {
		
	}
	c:FIN = {
		
	}
	c:GRE = {
		
	}
	c:GUA = {
		
	}
	c:HON = {
		
	}
	c:JOH = {
		
	}
	c:KOR = {
		
	}
	c:LUX = {
		
	}
	c:MEX = {
		
	}
	c:MON = {
		
	}
	c:NET = {
		
	}
	c:NZL = {
		
	}
	c:NEW = {
		
	}
	c:NIC = {
		
	}
	c:OMA = {
		
	}
	c:TUR = {
		
	}
	c:PNM = {
		
	}
	c:PRG = {
		
	}
	c:PER = {

effect_starting_technology_tier_1_tech = yes

#Production
add_technology_researched = intensive_agriculture
add_technology_researched = steam_donkey
add_technology_researched = nitroglycerin
add_technology_researched = dynamite
add_technology_researched =  bessemer_process
add_technology_researched = baking_powder
add_technology_researched = fractional_distillation
add_technology_researched = crystal_glass
add_technology_researched = canneries
add_technology_researched = mechanized_workshops
add_technology_researched = chemical_bleaching
add_technology_researched = watertube_boiler
add_technology_researched = rotary_valve_engine
add_technology_researched = electrical_generation
add_technology_researched = steel_railway_cars
add_technology_researched = vacuum_canning
add_technology_researched = shift_work
add_technology_researched = rubber_mastication
add_technology_researched = pumpjacks
add_technology_researched = open_heart_process

#Military
add_technology_researched = handcranked_machine_gun
add_technology_researched = bolt_action_rifles
add_technology_researched = percussion_cap
add_technology_researched = hydraulic_cranes
add_technology_researched = gantry_cranes
add_technology_researched = jeune_ecole
add_technology_researched = military_statistics
add_technology_researched = general_staff
add_technology_researched = logistics
add_technology_researched = triage
add_technology_researched = modern_nursing
add_technology_researched = enlistment_offices
add_technology_researched = electric_telegraph
add_technology_researched = field_works
add_technology_researched = shell_gun
add_technology_researched = percussion_cap
add_technology_researched = rifling
add_technology_researched = breech_loading_artillery
add_technology_researched = repeaters

#Society
add_technology_researched = centralization
add_technology_researched = nationalism
add_technology_researched = egalitarianism
add_technology_researched = mass_communication
add_technology_researched = mutual_funds
add_technology_researched = modern_sewerage
add_technology_researched = realism
add_technology_researched = mutual_funds
add_technology_researched = psychiatry
add_technology_researched = postal_savings
add_technology_researched = psychiatry
add_technology_researched =  joint_stock_companies
add_technology_researched =  pharmaceuticals
add_technology_researched = labor_movement

	}
	c:PEU = {
		
	}
	c:POR = {
	
	}
	c:DOM = {
		
	}
	c:SIA = {
	
	}
	c:SPA = {
	
	}
	c:SWI = {
	
	}
	c:URU = {
		
	}
	c:VNZ = {
		
	}
	c:MOR = {
		
	}
	c:NOR = {
		
	}
	c:EGY = {
		
	}
	c:KON = {
		
	}
	c:LIB = {
		
	}
	c:ETH = {
		
	}
	c:SAF = {
		
	}
	c:JAB = {
		
	}
	c:NEJ = {
		
	}
	c: = {
		
	}
	c: = {
		
	}
	c:BHN = {
		
	}
	c:ABU = {
		
	}
	c:YEM = {
		
	}
	c:CEY = {
		
	}
	c:CEY = {
		
	}
	c:ROS = {
		
	}
	c:SUL = {
		
	}
	c:BRU = {
		
	}
	c:CUB = {
		
	}
	c:HAI = {
		
	}
	c:SWE = {
		
	}
	c:WAF = {
		
	}
	c:TOG = {
		
	}
	c:CMR = {
		
	}
	c:EQA = {
		
	}
	c:NAM = {
		
	}
	c:ANG = {
		
	}
	c:NGA = {
		
	}
	c:TSW = {
		
	}
	c:RHO = {
		
	}
	c:ZAM = {
		
	}
	c:SWZ = {
		
	}
	c:BST = {
		
	}
	c:MOZ = {
		
	}
	c:MAD = {
		
	}
	c:TAN = {
		
	}
	c:KEN = {
	
	}
	c:BUG = {
	}
	c:SUD = {
	
	}
	c:SMA = {
	
	}
	c:SLD = {
		
	}
	c:DJB = {
	
	}
	c:ERT = {
	
	}
	c:TRI = {
	
	}
	c:CYR = {
		
	}
	c:ICH = {
		
	}
	c:NGG = {
	
	}
	c:FPL = {
	
	}
        c:BUK = {


}

        c:KHI = {


}

        c:TUV = {

}

              c:TIB = {

}



}